=======================================================
In directory: /Users/levselector/.venvs
I see two environments defined:
   standard/
   standard_arm64/

Is "standard" one uses python and modules for arm64 ?
=======================================================
I have deleted the "standard_arm64" directory.
Please confirm that "standard" directory will
continue working (that it doesn't have any
references into "standard_arm64" directory)

=======================================================
Under current directory "Documents/GitHub/jarvis_lev"
please make sure that we require using python 3.13.12

=======================================================
also run "uv sync" in current directory

=======================================================
I have added ".clinerules" directory which has some rules
for development. For example, how to format python code.

Please apply those formatting rules to all python 
files in current project
=======================================================
I want to improve the memory.
To have a 3-Layer Memory Architecture
For now still implemented as simple md files

Layer 1 - core identity (the "Soul") 
  files: soul.md, agents.md, user.md
    These files should be read every time so that
    the agent knows its purpose in life

Layer 2 - "memory" folder with files named "YYYY-MM-DD.md"
          and specific topic md files
          these files are generally short (under 4KB) summaries and "breadcrumbs"

Layer 3 - "reference" folder for a library of documents
  containing full documents and long-form histories
=======================================================
Currently to start the agent I have to run this command:

python -m src

Please make a short bash script wrapper called "start"
(without extension) to be used to run this command

=======================================================
What abilities are missing in our local agent in comparison with OpenClaw?
I know that OpenClaw has connectors to messaging (WhatsApp, ...).
What else is missing? Please list in the order of
popularity (starting with most popular)

=======================================================
I have separated abilities and skills, so now there are two files:

popular_skills.md
popular_abilities.md

The abilities are listed by groups.
Please reformat this "abilities" as following - combine 
all abiliteis together into one list (without groupping),
sort by popularity, remove duplicates

=======================================================
Please add web automation skills and abilities.
For me very important is to do daily operations
in my Linkedin account - check activity of people
I am following and "Like" their posts

=======================================================

